# Student Management System

This project is a simple console based Student Management System. In this project you will be learning how to add new students, how to generate a 5 digit unique studentID for each student, how to enroll students in the given courses. Also, you will be implementing the following operations enroll, view balance, pay tuition fees, show status, etc. The status will show all the details of the student including name, id, courses enrolled and balance.This is one of the best projects to implement the Object Oriented Programming concepts.

This is a simple TypeScript program that implements a console-based Student Management System. This program uses the `inquirer` library for user interaction. I've added comments to explain what each part of the code is doing:

This program provides a simple command line interface for managing students. It allows the user to add students, enroll students in courses, view a student's balance, pay tuition, and show a student's status. The `Student` class represents a student with properties for name, id, courses, and balance, and methods for enrolling in a course, viewing the balance, paying tuition, and showing the status. The `main` function is the entry point of the program, which prompts the user to choose an operation and performs the chosen operation. Note that you'll need to install the `inquirer` package using npm (Node Package Manager) before running this program. You can do this by running `npm install inquirer` in your terminal. Also, this code should be compiled with TypeScript compiler and run with Node.js. Please let me know if you need help with anything else.
